The Key of Addiction
You like to go out on the town; having a drink or two helps you relax.
Hit your Key when your character gets another character to go out on
the town with him. BUYOFF: Go sober and quit the drink.
The Key of the Amnesiac
You have lost your memories. Hit your key when you learn more of
your past. BUYOFF: Forge a new identity.
The Key of Banter
You have a knack for snappy comments. Hit your key when you say
something that makes the other players laugh or when you explain
something using your pilot techno jargon. BUYOFF: Everyone groans
at one of your comments.
The Key of the Bastard
You never knew your father. On her deathbed your mother revealed
his identity and you’ve been pursuing him ever since. Hit your key
when you pursue meeting him. BUYOFF: Give up on ever knowing
your father.
The Key of the Best Friend
You have a best friend from when you were in diapers. You’d help him
hide bodies. Hit your key whenever your friendship is important in a
scene. BUYOFF: Put someone or something else first.
The Key of Betrayal
You are deeply self-interested. Hit your key when you abandon your
companions to ensure your own safety or pursue your own ends.
BUYOFF: Stick with your companions when you don’t have to.
The Key of Bloodlust
You have a passionate disposition and love a good scrap. As an imperial soldier you’ve seen more than your share. BUYOFF: Avoid a fight.
The Key of the Brokenhearted
You no longer form bonds of love or friendship. Hit your key when you
succumb to nostalgia or rebuff the affection of others. BUYOFF: Fall in
love.
The Key of the Broker
You like to make deals and trade favors. Hit your key when you bargain, make a new contact, or exchange a favor. BUYOFF: Cut yourself
off from your network of contacts.
The Key of the Charming Scoundrel
You can’t resist a sucker or a pretty face. Hit your key whenever you
turn your considerable charm on someone for your own ends. BUYOFF:
Tell the truth about one of your lies.
The Key of Cleverness
You were always the smartest kid on your world. Hit your key whenever you come up with a clever plan or point out something no one
else knew. BUYOFF: Have a clever plan fail.
The Key of the Commander
You are accustomed to giving orders and having them obeyed. Hit
your trait when you come up with a plan and give orders to make it
happen. BUYOFF: Acknowledge someone else as the leader.
The Key of Conscience
You don’t like to see anyone suffer, even enemies. Hit your key when
you help someone who is in trouble or when you change someone’s life
for the better. BUYOFF: Ignore a request for help.
The Key of the Could-Have-Been
Once, you were a hometown hero, the hope of your world. Now you’re
just another cloud in the Blue. Hit your key whenever you give up on
a course of action because it seems unrealistic. BUYOFF: Succeed at
something unlikely.
The Key of the Coward
Despite your dreadful reputation, fighting secretly terrifies you. Hit
your key when you avoid a potentially dangerous situation, or when
you stop a combat using means besides violence. BUYOFF: Leap into
combat.
The Key of Crazy
You’ve got more than a few leaks in the brainpan. Hit your key whenever you do something crazy and awesome. BUYOFF: Let the kids
play on your lawn or give away your cats.
The Key of Curiosity
Hit your key whenever you investigate something new. BUYOFF: Ignore an opportunity to learn something new.
The Key of the Daredevil
You thrive in dangerous situations. Hit your key when you do something cool that is risky or reckless (especially piloting stunts). BUYOFF:
Be very very careful.
The Key of the Deal
You love making deals and getting things just right. Hit your key
whenever you bargain, exchange favors, or strike a deal. BUYOFF:
Pass up a good deal.
The Key of the Destined
You are fated for great things. Hit your key when you act like a hero.
BUYOFF: Give up on a quest or act craven.
The Key of Disguise
After being left by the Regulators you crawled to a mission and took
up the Godly life ’til you could heal. Now you use your frock as a disguise to avoid the law and the rest of the gang. Hit your key when
you perform well enough to fool someone. BUYOFF: Reveal your true
identity.
The Key of the Dispossessed
You have been disinherited or have had your birthright stolen from
you. Hit your key when you take action to restore your rightful title
or property. BUYOFF: Give up on restoring your birthright.
The Key of Domination
You are driven to assert your power over others by bending them to
your will. Hit your key when you convince someone to do something
that is against their best interests. BUYOFF: Go along with someone
else.
The Key of Doom
You are doomed to a terrible fate. Hit your key every time you
act without regard to your safety, especially when you enter battle
against superior enemies. BUYOFF: Retreat from an overwhelming
battle or fight.
The Key of Eldritch Learning
You are in search of a rare cursed tome. Hit your key when you take
an action to reclaim that tome from dusty antiquity. BUYOFF: Give
up your search.
The Key of the Empire
You are an Imperial. Long live the Emperess! Hit your key when you
serve the Empire’s interests, make contact with other Imperials, or reveal your Imperial medals. BUYOFF: Betray the Empire.
The Key of the Evangelist
You bring the word of the Good Book wherever you go. Hit your
key when you speak the word or try to bring someone into the faith.
BUYOFF: Fall into apostasy.
The Key of the Exile
The Empire exiled you for high treason. Hit your key when you are
threatened by or defy the Empire. BUYOFF: Return to Ilysium.
The Key of Fame
You will make a name for yourself or die trying. Hit your key whenever you brag or put yourself at risk to do something unnecessary or
foolish that will add to your reputation. BUYOFF: Pass up the opportunity to boast.
The Key of the Father
You hate everything your son has done since he went out on his own;
but no matter how he acts he’ll always be blood. Hit your key when
he influences your decision. BUYOFF: Disown your son.
The Key of Fraternity
You are sworn to one of your companions in a bond of brotherhood.
Hit your key when your character is influenced by him or when you
show how deep your bond is. BUYOFF: Sever the relationship.
The Key of the Gambler
You can’t pass up a chance at something great, no matter the odds,
and it’s put you in debt. Hit your key when you take a wild chance
or when you act to get money to pay off your losses. BUYOFF: Play it
safe or pay off your debt.
The Key of the Great-Aunt
That damn whore broke your favorite nephew’s heart and then stole
his children. Hit your key whenever you act to find, protect, or help
his kids. BUYOFF: Sit back while she keeps the kids.
The Key of Greed
You like the shiny things. Hit your key when you steal something cool
or score a big payoff. BUYOFF: Swear off stealing forever.
The Key of the Guardian
You have sworn to protect one of your companions. Hit your key when
you protect him from harm. BUYOFF: Sever your relationship.
The Key of the Half-Breed
You are half Ilysian and half Havenite. Hit your key when your mixed
Free and Imperial heritage causes you trouble or is important in a
scene. BUYOFF: Disavow one side of your ancestry or the other.
The Key of the Hero
You do what needs to be done, no matter the cost. You like to be considered one of the good guys. Hit your key when you act on behalf of
others. BUYOFF: Act selfishly.
The Key of Hidden Family
You are the long-lost sibling of one of your companions, though he
doesn’t know it yet. Hit your key when you protect or nurture him.
BUYOFF: Disown or betray your sibling.
The Key of Hidden Longing
You are completely enthralled by one of your companions but you
don’t want him to know it. Hit your key when you make a decision
based on this secret affection or when you somehow show it indirectly.
BUYOFF: Give up on your secret desire or make it public.
The Key of the Honest Man
Your father made his money skirting the law, but you always made
a fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work. Hit your key whenever you
deal fairly with someone else or follow the law at your own expense.
BUYOFF: Cheat, lie or steal.
The Key of Honor
You abide by a strict code of honor. Hit your key whenever you make a
decision influenced by your code of honor or keep your word. BUYOFF:
Do something underhanded and dishonorable.
The Key of the Hunter
You are accustomed to leading men in the hunt against creatures of
the depths. Hit your key when you come up with a plan and give orders to make it happen. BUYOFF: Swear off hunting forever.
The Key of the Idiot
You were dropped on your head as a child and now it doesn’t work
right. Hit your key when you say something stupid or incorrectly or
when you act based on faulty reasoning. BUYOFF: Demonstrate your
latent intelligence.
The Key of the Impostor
You are in disguise, passing yourself off as commoner. Hit your key
when you perform well enough to fool someone with your disguise.
BUYOFF: Reveal your true identity to someone you fooled.
The Key of Intolerance
You have a deep-seated intolerance for those that are different from
yourself. Hit your key when you demonstrate your disdain, or when
your intolerance causes problems. BUYOFF: Approve of something
someone different did.
The Key of Kindness
You are a compassionate person, however much you might try to hide
it. Hit your key whenever you show kindness or mercy. BUYOFF: Hurt
someone you didn’t have to.
The Key of the Law
You have a deep and abiding respect for the law. Hit your key when
you act to uphold the law or prevent a crime. BUYOFF: Break the law.
The Key of Longing
You are certain there is a perfect match for you. Hit your key when
you pursue true love or open your heart to someone. BUYOFF: Vow to
lead a life of chastity.
The Key of the Lover
You have more lovers than you can count and more kids than you care
to know. Hit your key whenever you pursue or develop a relationship
with a woman. BUYOFF: Take a wife and forsake all others.
The Key of Love
You have a deep love for one of your companions. Hit your key when
you are near him or whenever you make a decision that is influenced
by him. BUYOFF: Sever the relationship.
The Key of the Loving Father
You love your kids more than anything else. Hit your key whenever
you act to nurture, protect, or help your kids. BUYOFF: Disown your
children.
The Key of Loyalty
Back in the day, someone had your back in every fight, you owe him
your life. If it weren’t for him, you’d still be digging mines for the Empire. Hit your key whenever you act out of your sense of debt or do
something he would approve of. BUYOFF: Pass up a chance to meet.
The Key of Lust
Your great weakness is debauchery and licentiousness. Hit your key
when you give in to temptation instead of helping your companions.
BUYOFF: Say no to a good time.
The Key of the Manipulator
You work behind the scenes manipulating others in order to be a
shadow leader. Hit your key whenever you exert your will over
the leader, even over minor matters—especially over minor matters.
BUYOFF: Accept the mantle of power yourself.
The Key of the Mean Stare
You enjoys intimidating others. Hit your key whenever you cow or
defeat an opponent. BUYOFF: Be intimidated by someone else or
swallow your pride.
The Key of the Missionary
Your faith requires you to come to the aid of all in need. Hit your key
when you take action to protect the weak and less fortunate. BUYOFF:
Put the greater good before those in need.
The Key of the Mission
You have a critical, pressing mission. Hit your key when you take action to complete the mission. BUYOFF: Give up on your mission.
The Key of the Mysterious Past
Though no one can put his finger on it, you are not quite who you appear to be. Hit your key when you allude to your former life or use an
unexpected skill. BUYOFF: Tell someone your life story.
The Key of the Naif
You are especially naive. Hit your key whenever you are taken advantage of. BUYOFF: Get the better of someone.
The Key of the Outcast
You got exiled from the Empire. Hit your key when your outcast status
causes you trouble or is important in a scene. BUYOFF: Regain your
former standing or join a new group.
The Key of the Pacifist
You abhor violence and will take no part in it, no matter the cost. Hit
your key when you avoid using violence to solve your problems or disapprove of someone who does. BUYOFF: Commit an act of violence.
The Key of the Paragon
As a noble you’re a cut above the common man. Hit your key when
you demonstrate your superiority or when your noble traits overcome
a problem. BUYOFF: Disown your noble heritage.
The Key of the Pastor
You take your responsibilities as a man of God seriously. You do what
you can for the least of humanity. Hit your key when you help the sick
the friendless and the needy. BUYOFF: Ignore a cry for help.
The Key of the Patriot
You are a loyal servant of the crown. Hit your key when you do something to benefit the Empire. BUYOFF: Act against the interests of
the Empire.
The Key of the Phenom
You are lauded as the next great prospect. Hit your key whenever you
fulfill this expectation even though it causes you harm. BUYOFF: Let
the pressure break you down or give up.
The Key of the Pirate
You pillage, raid, and terrorize the Wild Blue. Hit your key when you
impress someone with your piratical nature or do something to add to
your reputation. BUYOFF: Turn over a new leaf and go straight.
The Key of the Poet
You have a way with words and a romantic soul. Hit your key when
you say something that moves the other players at the table. BUYOFF:
You realize life is nasty, brutal, and short.
The Key of Poverty
You’ve never had more than a few coins to your name, since your father left Mom to raise you alone. You’ve taken on all kinds of jobs, but
never made much cash. Hit your key when you screw someone over
to get ahead. BUYOFF: Give away something valuable.
The Key of Power
You desire power above all else. Hit your key when you pursue your
own ascendancy over the safety and security of your companions.
BUYOFF: Relinquish all your authority.
The Key of Prudence
You are focused on doing the little things that help your companions
succeed, playing conservatively to the odds. BUYOFF: Take a big risk
or go for glory.
The Key of the Quick Draw
You’re the fastest gun because you don’t bother to think between slapping leather and pulling the trigger. Hit your key whenever you jump
into action. BUYOFF: Stop and think.
The Key of the Rake
You like the ladies. Hit your key whenever you make a pass, make
a proposition, or get busy. BUYOFF: Behave honorably toward a
woman.
The Key of the Rebel
The Empire is your greatest foe. Hit your key whenever you strike a
blow against them or kill am Imperial agent. BUYOFF: Make peace
with the Empire.
The Key of the Regulator
What’s right and what’s lawful aren’t always the same in your eyes.
You do what you think’s right, courts-be-damned. Hit your key when
you take the law into your own hands. BUYOFF: Abide the law when
you know it’s wrong.
The Key of the Reluctant Leader
As the highest ranking survivor, you were obliged to take command.
Hit your key when your orders are obeyed and when you risk your life
for your men. BUYOFF: Leave your men to die.
The Key of Revenge
Someone left you for dead as he saved himself, and you’ve never forgiven him for it. Hit your key when you act against him or take action
to confront and kill him. BUYOFF: Forgive him face to face.
The Key of the Revolutionary
You are dedicated to establishing a new world order and throwing off
the yoke of tyranny. Hit your key when you speak or act against your
Imperial masters. BUYOFF: Stand mute before injustice or accept
favors from the Empire.
The Key of the Rival
You hate someone. Hit your key when you outperform or outfox him
in any arena. BUYOFF: Decline to compete against him.
The Key of the Secret Mission
You have a mission that you keep secret from your companions. Hit
your key when this puts you in conflict with your companions or
when you take an action that is a step toward fulfilling your mission.
BUYOFF: Give up on your mission or reveal it to your companions.
The Key of the Showoff
If someone doesn’t already know you’re the best shot in this slice of the
Blue they should be listening closer. Hit your key whenever you talk
yourself up or do something to try to impress others. BUYOFF: Don’t
take credit for an accomplishment.
The Key of the Son
You left your father to make an honest living, but now you’re forced to
work with him again. Hit your key when your relation to your father
influences a decision. BUYOFF: Give up the family name.
The Key of the Spotlight
You live for the moment to take the critical action to save the day. Hit
your key when you are credited with the success of the group. BUYOFF:
Cause your team to fail.
The Key of Swagger
As a nobleman adventurer, you’re a cut above the common man. Hit
your key when you demonstrate your superiority or when your noble traits overcome a problem. BUYOFF: Disown your House Firefly
heritage.
The Key of Team Spirit
You have sworn yourself to the success of your team. Hit your key
whenever you make a decision influenced by the team. BUYOFF: Sever
the relationship with your teammates.
The Key of the Tinkerer
You just can’t leave it alone. Hit your key when you modify, improve,
repair, or patch some tech. BUYOFF: Pass up the opportunity to
mess around with technology.
The Key of the Traveler
You love exploring new places and meeting new people. Hit your key
when you share an interesting detail about a person, place, or thing
or when you go somewhere exciting and new. BUYOFF: Pass up the
opportunity to see something new.
The Key of the Unquiet Grave
You are charged with helping restless souls enter the afterlife. Hit
your key when you take action to end the suffering of a ghost. BUYOFF:
Bind a soul to it’s body.
The Key of Vengeance
The Empire enslaved you and made you kill for sport. You will have
your revenge on them and watch their cities burn. Hit your key when
you strike a blow against the Empire (especially by killing an Imperial). BUYOFF: Forgive them for what they did to you.
The Key of Vice
You are a closet alcoholic. Hit your key whenever alcohol makes its
way into the scene, when you make a decision based on the vice or
when alcohol causes you or someone you care about great harm or
great success. BUYOFF: Sober up, come clean, and renounce alcohol for good.
The Key of the Vow
You have a vow of personal behavior that you have sworn not to break.
Hit your key when your vow significantly impacts your decisions.
BUYOFF: Break your vow.
The Key of the Warrior
You crave the crash and roar of battle the tougher the better. Hit your
key when you do battle with worthy or superior foes. BUYOFF: Pass up
an opportunity for a good fight.
The Key of Xenophobic Bigotry
You are convinced that these good-for-nothing green goblins from the
outer rim are a bad influence. Hit your key whenever you act with
xenophobia or bigotry. BUYOFF: Become true friends with a goblin.