The Secret of Blackbird Hand Signals
You may communicate with others using nothing but the subtle hand
signals developed by House Blackbird. REQUIRES: You are a member
of House Blackbird or one of their most trusted servants, or
learned from someone who is.
The Secret of the Bodyguard
Once per session, you can re-roll a failure when protecting someone.
REQUIRES: You are willing to sacrifice your life for someone.
The Secret of the Cat Lady
You can talk to cats and cat-like beings, and they are always friendly
towards you. REQUIRES: You have a lot of cats at home.
The Secret of Common Sense
Once per session, you may allow someone else a chance to re-roll a
failed roll by giving them advice. REQUIRES: Common sense.
The Secret of Concealment
No matter how thoroughly you’re searched, you always have a few
key items with you. You can produce any common, simple item at a
moment’s notice. REQUIRES: Keep an item hidden through a thorough search.
The Secret of Contacts
You may declare past relationships with any characters in the adventure by describing them in a short phrase, such as “old rival” or
“ex-lover”, but the GM decides the current disposition of each person.
REQUIRES: You know a lot of people.
The Secret of the Crimson Sky
You know and are known to the Crimson Sky rebels, and you can reach
them under any circumstance. REQUIRES: Fighting with the Crimson Sky.
The Secret of Destruction
You can break things with your bare hands as if you were swinging
a sledgehammer. It’s scary. REQUIRES: Living in forced labor and
humiliation for several years.
The Secret of Determination
If your pool is full (and was before you rolled) you may re-roll once.
REQUIRES: A near-death experience that you pulled yourself out
of.
The Secret of Disarmament
Your attacks, if successful, always disarm your opponents. REQUIRES:
Study with a master duelist.
The Secret of Endless Trouble
You may re-roll a failed roll if you elect to mark a relevant condition.
REQUIRES: None.
The Secret of Experience
Once per session, you can use tags from more than one trait when you
make a roll. REQUIRES: Experience in a wide variety of dangerous
situations.
The Secret of the Explorer
You’ve been all over the Wild Blue, seen a lot of strange things. Once
per session, you can re-roll a failure when you’re dealing with local
customs or strange places. REQUIRES: You’ve traveled from one
side of the Wild Blue to the other.
The Secret of Family
Once per session, you may call on assistance from one of your many,
many relatives. REQUIRES: A large family.
The Secret of the Flying Leap
You can jump three times as far as an ordinary man, and never lose
your balance. REQUIRES: Training with the monks at the Roof of
the World.
The Secret of the Hidden Plan
You plan for every contingency. Once per session, you may declare
how you prepared for the situation at hand. This may involve a roll.
REQUIRES: Succeed at an endeavor because of a good plan.
The Secret of the Hound
You speak the language of wolves and dogs. REQUIRES: Acceptance
into a dog pack.
The Secret of Inner Focus
Once per session, you can re-roll a failure when doing Sorcery.
REQUIRES: Do some impressive Sorcery while distracted or under a lot of pressure.
The Secret of the Iron Mind
You can refresh your pool whenever you defeat someone else in a oneon-one personal contest of any type, as long as it has been established
as a contest between you. REQUIRES: You live for competition.
The Secret of the Jack of All Trades
. . . but master of none. When you add a trait, you get a tag for
free. However, you can never have more than four tags in any trait.
REQUIRES: Beginner’s luck.
The Secret of Leadership
Once per session, you can give someone else a chance to re-roll a
failed roll, by giving them orders, advice, or setting a good example.
REQUIRES: You are an official or de-facto leader.
The Secret of the Lucky Break
Once per session, you can keep your pool dice when you succeed (so go
ahead and use ‘em all). REQUIRES: Succeed at something decidedly
unlikely.
The Secret of Luck
Once per session, you may declare something almost unbelievably coincidental or lucky that happens to your benefit. REQUIRES: Someone
has commented on how lucky you are.
The Secret of the Name
You are (in)famous. People may not know your face, but when anyone
hears your name they stop in awe. REQUIRES: Word of your (supposed) deeds has traveled clear across the Wild Blue.
The Secret of Rank
You hold a rank in an organization, military, or guild and have the
associated responsibilities and privileges. REQUIRES: Promotion in
the organization or excellent forgeries of papers indicating the
same.
The Secret of Reflexes
Once per session, you can re-roll a failure when doing anything involving grace, dexterity, or quick reflexes. REQUIRES: Grace, dexterity,
and quick reflexes.
The Secret of Shape Warping
As a goblin, you can change your shape, growing shorter, taller, fatter, thinner, or changing your skin color, at will. REQUIRES: You are
a goblin.
The Secret of the Shootist
You’re deadly with a firearm (or two). Once per session, you can reroll a failure when you’re shooting. REQUIRES: You’ve been in a lot
of gunfights or are learning from someone who has.
The Secret of the Signature Weapon
You have a weapon you have bonded with (give it a name). You gain a
bonus die to any action taken with that weapon. Any other character
trying to use it loses a die. REQUIRES: A named weapon.
The Secret of the Sky Song
You know how to call sky squid and can attempt to communicate with
them when they appear. REQUIRES: You’ve trained with a master
of the Sky Song or have been dream-linked to a sky squid.
The Secret of Southern Charm
Once per session, you may re-roll a failure when trying to influence or
charm someone. REQUIRES: A true Southern accent and a charming smile.
The Secret of the Squid
You seem to be part man and part squid. You can squirt ink and
breathe in the the lower depths. REQUIRES: You were born this way
or transformed by magic.
The Secret of Stormblood
As long as you can speak, you can channel magical power and do Sorcery. REQUIRES: Born to a stormblooded family or breath the air
of a storm that blots out the sun in the Open Blue.
The Secret of Subtle Communication
You may see others’ intentions and engage in meta-speak embedded
in normal-seeming conversation that lesser men cannot understand.
REQUIRES: Training in courtly etiquette.
The Secret of Taking a Beating
Years of hard living have made you tough. You can replace the “Injured” or “Dead” condition with “Angry” if it comes up. REQUIRES:
Years of hard living.
The Secret of Teamwork
When assisting an ally, you may give more than one pool die.
REQUIRES: A team.
